README.md, before:

# Open RealtimeAPI Embedded SDK

# Table of Contents

- [Docs](#docs)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)

## Platform/Device Support

This SDK has been developed tested on a `esp32s3` and `linux`. You don't need any physical hardware
to run this SDK. You can use it from Linux directly.

To use it on hardware purchase either of these microcontrollers. Others may work, but this is what
has been developed against.

* [Freenove ESP32-S3-WROOM](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0BMQ8F7FN)
* [Sonatino - ESP32-S3 Audio Development Board](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0BVY8RJNP)

You can get a ESP32S3 for much less money on eBay/AliExpress.

## Installation

Call `set-target` with the platform you are targetting. Today only `linux` and `esp32s3` are supported.
* `idf.py set-target esp32s3`

Configure device specific settings. None needed at this time
* `idf.py menuconfig`

Set your Wifi SSID + Password as env variables
* `export WIFI_SSID=foo`
* `export WIFI_PASSWORD=bar`
* `export OPENAI_API_KEY=bing`

Build
* `idf.py build`

If you built for `esp32s3` run the following to flash to the device
* `sudo -E idf.py flash`

If you built for `linux` you can run the binary directly
* `./build/src.elf`

See [build.yaml](.github/workflows/build.yaml) for a Docker command to do this all in one step.

## Usage

Commit message:

Adapt to Freenove Media Kit.
Adapt to Freenove Media Kit.

README.md, after:

# Open RealtimeAPI Embedded SDK

This fork is specifically customized for Freenove Media Kit and can be directly used on it.

## Platform/Device Support

* [Freenove ESP32-S3-WROOM](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0BMQ8F7FN)

## Installation & Usage

1. Install [IDF SDK](https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf) according to the [tutorial](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/zh_CN/latest/esp32s3/get-started/index.html#get-started-how-to-get-esp-idf).

2. Clone code and submodules.

   `git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/Freenove/openai-realtime-embedded`

3. Generate `privateConfig.json` file.

   `cp privateConfig.common.json privateConfig.json`

4. Set your Wifi SSID, Password, and openai api key in file `privateConfig.json`. If you don't know OpenAI API key, you need to [register and purchase](https://platform.openai.com/) it. Currently, OpenAI does not provide free services.

   ```
     "wifi_ssid": "xxxxx",
     "wifi_password": "xxxxx",
     "openai_api_key": "xxxxx"
   ```

5. Set target platform(if necessary).

   `idf.py set-target esp32s3`

6. Build.

   `idf.py build`

7. Flash to the device.

   `idf.py flash`

8. Open monitor (optional).

   `idf.py monitor`

9. Done! Now you can have a conversation with OpenAI !
